Playbooks: Terminology generalization (#4716)
mattermost/docs: source/incident-collaboration/getting-started.rst

Getting Started 
===============

> Mattermost Playbooks is included in the Mattermost Cloud workspace, enabled by default, and upgraded automatically.

Reviewer: At /this/ moment, the product is still (awkwardly) called `Incident Collaboration`, even though most other in-product terminology has shifted. I'm thinking we want to keep the old name for now, and launch the full rebrand with the September v6.0 release.

> Mattermost Playbooks is included in the Mattermost Cloud workspace, enabled by default, and upgraded automatically.

Author: ```suggestion
Mattermost Incident Collaboration is included in the Mattermost Cloud workspace, enabled by default, and upgraded automatically.
```

*For self-managed deployments*

Mattermost Playbooks is available in the Plugin Marketplace:

1. As a System Admin, go to **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace**.
2. Search for **Playbooks**.
3. Select **Install** if not yet installed, then select **Configure** to enable.
4. From the plugin configuration page, set **Enable Plugin** to **true**.
5. Select **Save** to enable the plugin.

To access Mattermost Playbooks:

* From the Main Menu, select **Playbooks** to view stats, review incidents of which you are a member, and configure playbooks. System Admins have unrestricted access.

> * From the channel header, select the **Playbooks** icon to open the right-hand sidebar. From there, create a new incident or collaborate on active incidents of which you are a member.

Reviewer: Note that this rename is correct.

*For self-managed deployments*

> Mattermost Playbooks is available in the Plugin Marketplace:

Author: ```suggestion
Mattermost Incident Collaboration is available in the Plugin Marketplace:
```

1. As a System Admin, go to **Main Menu > Plugin Marketplace**.

> 2. Search for **Playbooks**.

Author: ```suggestion
2. Search for **Incident Collaboration**.
```

3. Select **Install** if not yet installed, then select **Configure** to enable.
4. From the plugin configuration page, set **Enable Plugin** to **true**.
5. Select **Save** to enable the plugin.

> To access Mattermost Playbooks:

Author: ```suggestion
To access playbooks:
```

> * From the Main Menu, select **Playbooks** to view stats, review incidents of which you are a member, and configure playbooks. System Admins have unrestricted access.

Author: ```suggestion
* From the Main Menu, select **Incident Collaboration** to view stats, review incidents of which you are a member, and configure playbooks. System Admins have unrestricted access.
```

> * From the channel header, select the **Playbooks** icon to open the right-hand sidebar. From there, create a new incident or collaborate on active incidents of which you are a member.

Author: ```suggestion
* From the channel header, select the **Playbooks** icon to open the right-hand sidebar. From there, you can start a new playbook run or view runs you belong to.
```
